in a tent in the city of deer albala a
makeshift classroom is providing a safe
space for young minds these kids like
many their age have Ambitions of
becoming doctors artists and
athletes but since October 7th the only
lesson on their mind is
survival Muhammad Al kadari was a
teacher Before the War Began these days
he provides lessons to hundreds of
children that go well beyond the
standard textbook
children living in shelters are afraid
they're confused and terrified and they
wake up in the middle of the night to
the sound of the Israeli shelling
however the one thing that gave me a
positive impression is that I managed to
soothe these students as much as
possible by means of emotional release
poetry and Pros I also managed to
convince them to discuss how they're
feeling they're very creative very
special and they're
Shining
despite destruction and death permeating
throughout Gaza Muhammad's classes are
providing kids a moment to step out of
that
darkness and think about a future after
War I was living in Bon and once the war
started we sought shelter at the schools
in darl balah I was happy with this
initiative and I would like to thank the
teacher for helping launch it and for
helping us study after all of our
schools were bombed it's a good thing
that he gave us a chance to study so we
can remember all the things we've
learned to become doctors and
Engineers everybody is happy because we
are learning and living the same life we
had before when we used to go to school
I hope that we can go back to school and
learn from several teachers about Arabic
mathematics English sociology sciences
and so
on around 625,000 children have been out
of school since November 6 that was when
the ministry Min of Education suspended
the school year due to war the UN
estimates around 700 schools existed in
Gaza but after October 6th 346 schools
were destroyed or damaged another 133
schools are being used as shelter for
displaced
Palestinians Muhammad's classroom is
without chalkboards desks and chairs but
these children are not letting
circumstances Define their limits they
continue to dream big for their families
those that they have lost and a land
they hold close to their hearts Imran
Alan Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer